A basic plan for piloting and implementing RPA. There are typically five steps in an RPA implementation project,
and these are: 1) Identify, evaluate and prioritize processes that has a potential for automation
using robotic process automation technology.
And this is also - I would say - the most important step. Once that is done we need to 2) Describe the process
or processes that has been prioritized and decided to be automated in step 1).
This is done in what we call a "Process Definition Document" (PDD)
Then, step number 3) is to cesign, develop and test the process or processes that have been prioritized
and described in the Process Definition Document.
This is typically done in an IT test environment.
Step number 4) is to implement process(es) in the IT production environment, meaning that the process
is fully implemented and active and that the process already has replaced the manual process.
And then finally we have step number 5) where we monitor and continuously improve the automated process
or processes.
What we'll do in the next lessons is to start exploring the steps in more detail.